what is it got a thing in your butt
this lump in your colon is due to poor
stress management we love seeing you
guys but we want grandkids
it's been a crazy couple of weeks of
work this wants you to be straight
what's up any want me to fire this guy
today you'll do fine
Oh again with your goddamn stuff shut up
need your goddamn dinner son I hate you
[Music]
ancient myth and you have pushed into a
corner by some mommy looking on your
computer I think I may have some people
love this creature an alive there is
only the now if you have a problem with
erectile dysfunction I can help you with
that
where are you I'm knockin
[Music]
what we do with than if I do that won't
hurt anybody else hopefully
my love my love I had a much better name
no no don't even think about it I will
shove you right back up my ass